Improve the XML BBEs (#3048)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/xml-subtyping/xml_subtyping.md

# XML subtyping

> An `xml` value belongs to `xml:Element` if it consists of just an element item. Similarly an `xml` value belongs to `xml:Comment` or `xml:ProcessingInstruction` if it consists of just a comment item or a processing instruction item respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `xml` value belongs to `xml:Element` if it consists of just an element item. Similarly, an `xml` value belongs to `xml:Comment` or `xml:ProcessingInstruction` if it consists of just a comment item or a processing instruction item respectively.
```

An `xml` value belongs to `xml:Text` if it consists of only a text item or is empty.

> An `xml` value belongs to the type `xml<T>` if each of its members belong to `T`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An `xml` value belongs to the type `xml<T>` if each member belongs to `T`. 
```

Reviewer 2: I believe this makes the sentence more simple

> An `xml` value belongs to the type `xml<T>` if each of its members belong to `T`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `xml` value belongs to the type `xml<T>` if each of its members belongs to `T`. 
```

Reviewer 2: I suggested 
```suggestion
An `xml` value belongs to the type `xml<T>` if each member belongs to `T`. 
```
